When your assignment is complete, please answer the questions in this text file and upload it to I-Learn.



1. Please provide the URL of your public GitHub repository.



https://github.com/ksimpkinson/CS450/blob/master/prove03.py

2. What was the most difficult part of this assignment?



The most difficult part for me was figuring out the syntax of the cross validation function. I understood the  theory behind it, but had a difficult time figuring out the details and specifics of working the function.

3. Briefly describe your process for handling non-numeric data.
I used a label encoder to assign an integer to each non-numeric object in a category.




4. Briefly describe your process for missing data.



The data that was missing was fairly miniscule compared to the rest of the dataset so I decided to not inslude it in my test.

5. Describe your results for the Car Evaluation dataset.



I had a 64% accuracy for this dataset, and it was actually the first one I got to work.

6. Describe your results for the Autism dataset.



This dataset had a 90% accuracy, which is a lot better than the car dataset.

7. Describe your results for the Automobile MPG dataset.



This dataset only had a 2% accuracy, which is strange. I will need to take another look at the algorithms to see if I am missing something somewhere.

8. Describe anything you did to go above and beyond the minimum standard requirements.



I just accomplished the minimum standards

9. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:

A - Some attempt was made

B - Developing, but significantly deficient

C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate

D - Meets requirements

E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements




(D - Meets requirements)

10. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.


I believe I was able to accomplish the minimum requirements for this assignment, and with research and trial and error I feel that I now understand the syntax cross validation a lot more and would be able to teach it to someone else.