When your assignment is complete, please answer the questions in this text file 
and upload it to I-Learn.



1. Please provide the URL of your public GitHub repository.




https://github.com/ksimpkinson/CS450/blob/master/prove02.py

2. Briefly describe your overall approach to the task and highlight the most 
difficult part of this assignment.

For this assignment I referenced the following site (https://kevinzakka.github.io/2016/07/13/k-nearest-neighbor/) a lot to help me understand more the concept of k-NN. The class assignment last week really helped me, when finding the nearest neighbors by hand, because then I knew the basics. The hard part then was acutally writing efficient code to get the concept to work. I tried writing my own distance formulas by hand, but then found a more efficient one using the numpy library. 




3. Briefly describe your process for handling 
numeric data on different scales (i.e., normalizing).




I found a very useful function from the sklearn.preprocessing library, called StandardScale, which scaled all the numeric columns for me. I know there are other ways to do this, but those would require a lot more code and a lot more math and calculations.

4. Describe your results for the Iris data set. (For example, what level of accuracy did you see for different values of K?

For the most part the k-NN algorithm was fairly accurate for this data set. I got accuracy values of 95%-100% using different values of K. I found, though that 3 seemed to always work pretty well with this one.




5. How did your implementation compare to existing implementations?




My accuracy was very similary, and a lot of the time the same as the pre-made algorithm. I assume that is because the process that my code is going through is the same that the pre-made algorithm is doing, so the accuracy should be the same.

6. Describe anything you did to go above and beyond the minimum standard requirements.




I completed the required tasks.

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
A - Some attempt was made
B - Developing, but significantly deficient
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
D - Meets requirements
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements




D - Meets requirements


8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.



I feel I was able to complete fully all the tasks listed for the requirements, but I didn't do anything to go above and beyond.